README.md, before:

# mint
Mint is a CLI-based file sharing and hosting service
## Features
* **Secure and private**: Mint clients never actually works with your files- think of Mint like a translator that structures and mediates communications between you and the host. Additionally, Mint has full Tor support for more anonymity.
* **Fast**: Mint is designed to be as lightweight on the upload/download process as possible- adding almost no latency to direct communications between the client and host.
* **Easy**: All you need to get started with Mint are two commands: `mint upload` and `mint download`. Adding more hosts or configuring identities is as easy as pasting in a few lines of JSON provided by the host.
## Quickstart
This guide is a quickstart to get you sharing and downloading ASAP on Mint!
### Installation and Test
First, install Mint:
```sh
pip install mintfsh
```
Then, check if it's installed:
```
which mint
```
If it returns a path, great! If not, add your Python package directory to `PATH`. To test Mint, run:
```
mint download test
```
It will ask you if you'd like Mint to create a configuration file for you. Type `y` or just press enter to continue and Mint will automatically create the configuration for you. Then, Mint will download the file `mint_test.txt` for you- run `cat ./mint_test.txt` or open it in a text editor to see some info about how the request wen!

Commit message:

Add hosting (express), improve docs, and add upload functionality to client

README.md, after:

# mint
Mint is a CLI-based file sharing and hosting service
## Features
* **Secure and private**: Mint clients never actually works with your files- think of Mint like a translator that structures and mediates communications between you and the host. Additionally, Mint has full Tor support for more anonymity.
* **Fast**: Mint is designed to be as lightweight on the upload/download process as possible- adding almost no latency to direct communications between the client and host.
* **Easy**: All you need to get started with Mint are two commands: `mint upload` and `mint download`. Adding more hosts or configuring identities is as easy as pasting in a few lines of JSON provided by the host.
## Quickstart
This guide is a quickstart to get you sharing and downloading ASAP on Mint!
### Installation and Test
First, install Mint:
```sh
pip install mintfsh
```
Then, check if it's installed:
```
which mint
```
If it returns a path, great! If not, add your Python package directory to `PATH`. To test Mint, run:
```
mint download test
```
It will ask you if you'd like Mint to create a configuration file for you. Type `y` or just press enter to continue and Mint will automatically create the configuration for you. Then, Mint will download the file `mint_test.txt` for you- run `cat ./mint_test.txt` or open it in a text editor to see some info about the request and host!
### Downloading/uploading
The default config comes with a preconfigured official Mint host! It will work fine for testing/casual sharing, but keep in mind:
* 750MB file size limit
* Deletes files after 7 days
* One file per filename
* Latency

Just run:
```
mint upload <filename>
```
And it will output a SHA256 hash for the file, like:
```
a6ed0c785d4590bc95c216bcf514384eee6765b1c2b732d0b0a1ad7e14d3204a
```
Then, if we want to download that same file from somewhere else (with the same host of course):
```
mint download a6ed0c785d4590bc95c216bcf514384eee6765b1c2b732d0b0a1ad7e14d3204a
```
